**Denizens of the Museum:** This Museum isn't meant for humans, but another strange and terrifying intelligent alien species. Little things allude to his in early exhibits - kids drawings that don't look human, gloves used for exhibits that definitely won't fit human hands, text getting simple facts about humans wrong and referring to them as 'other', and little things that humans would find unsettling stated like normal. Later exhibits make the fact that the museum isn't for humans a bit more apparent; anthropology exhibits depict humans like a human exhibit would depict animals, 'human art' and 'art' are different sections of the museum with the 'art' section being much weirder, surreal, and unsettling. Some brief history sections of the museum could discuss 'our ancestors' and depict shelters, tools, and scenery that do not look human or from the natural earth. This species will also have some inhuman form of mobility that creates for sections of the museum that are very difficult for humans to traverse because they were created specifically for these creatures. The normal staff of the museum are also this species, humans are specifically employed to do dangerous work in relation to the relics because they are seen as disposable.

**Purpose of the Museum:** The museum serves the purpose of weakening many forgotten [[Elder Gods]] by featuring their objects of worship. [[World/Observation|Observation]] causes this to weaken the other elder gods. Despite it's effect this is not to the betterment of humanity, but for the purpose of making [[The Curator]] more powerful than the rest of the elder gods and therefor in a position at the top of the pantheon. 