-Museum isn't meant for humans, but another strange and terrifying intelligent species. Little things allude to his in early exhibits - kids drawings that don't look human, gloves used for exhibits that definitely won't fit human hands, text getting simple facts about humans wrong and referring to them as 'other', and little things that humans would find unsettling stated like normal. Later exhibits make the fact that the museum isn't for humans a bit more apparent; anthropology exhibits depict humans like a human exhibit would depict animals, 'human art' and 'art' are different sections of the museum with the 'art' section being much weirder, surreal, and unsettling. Some brief history sections of the museum could discuss 'our ancestors' and depict shelters, tools, and scenery that do not look human or from the natural earth. Etc. -Cursed artifacts are objects are worship to different spirits and deities that are real eldritch entities. When these artifacts were looted or stolen by the museum the entities they worship got pissed, and if the players fail to appease them, the entities start leaking their influence into the world. Certain particularly disturbed entities are indifferent to appeasement and these ones take the form of the primary monsters in the game. The universal way to appease entities is to keep them and their room clean, certain cursed objects and monsters could have specific rituals or actions to appease them though.(Proximity chat stuff could be very interesting here, maybe recanting aloud a specific prayer or chant of worship mentioned on an exhibit could work to appease an entity) (edited)
    
    
-Gameplay loop initially consists of semi-linear progression where each night the players would go to a particular section of the museum and if they survive they unlock more difficult sections. When the night ends, players are awarded money based on how well they did their jobs and can use that money to get new tools and better equipment. Players lose their purchased equipment and maybe money when they die, but don't lose their level progress so can return to the highest difficulty section that they've unlocked, but may want to go to easier sections to more easily get money for better equipment. No real ending to the game but each run is scored based on how much money they get, so they could aim to get new records on each level. There could also be different difficulties players can shift too that especially make earlier levels more difficult to make their mechanics and maps interesting to master. The specific monsters and cursed objects encountered each night is semi-random based on the map section to keep gameplay a bit more interesting and surprising between runs. Purchased Equipment: Adhesive Cameras: These portable security cameras have super powerful adhesive and can be attached anywhere! In blindspots, employee helmets or uniforms(front or back :D), and even the monsters themselves!!!!! One of the most useful tools for the engineer Walkie Talkies/headsets: Limited use communication that could help different roles talk to eachother. Better flashlights: Brighter, maybe a overclock functionality that can be used to blind certain monsters or light up a room at the cost of a long period of no flashlight functionality and a long cooldown? Geiger Counters: Indicate how active a cursed object is or when a monster is near. Make constant noise(especially when monsters are near) so could be used to distract monsters too.